=head1 NAME

petrified - bash client to update dynamic DNS at freedns.afraid.org

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Usage: B<petrified> [ B<-c> I<config> ]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<petrified> is a bash client to update dynamic DNS hosted at
L<https://freedns.afraid.org>; the software goals are for simplicity,
flexibility and configurability while using the minimal system tools
installed with most distributions.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-c> I<config>

Specify an exact config file to use, ignoring global and per-user configs.

=back

=head1 CONFIGURATION

See F<petrified.conf> for all available options and their usage.

Copy the default configuration file to F</etc/petrified.conf> for global
use, F<~/.petrifiedrc> for user-level use, or another location as desired.
At a minimum the C<DDNS_KEY> variable must be configured for basic usage;
all other variables are preconfigured for system level (root) usage.

If implementing at the user level, be sure and set the various file options
to locations that are writable by the user; the default config is fully
documented and should make sense.

To use a custom configuration file, the C<-c config> parameter is supported;
note that using this option will not read the global or local configuration
files and only use the variables from this custom file.

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

 Utilities                          | Package
 -----------------------------------|------------
 logger, kill                       | util-linux
 printf, touch, date, stat, cat, rm | coreutils
 bash                               | bash
 ip                                 | iproute2
 curl                               | curl

=head1 FILES

=over 4

=item F</etc/petrified.conf>

Global configuration file

=item F<~/.petrifiedrc>

Per-user configuration file

=item F</var/cache/petrified/lastip.dat>

IP cache (if feature enabled - default: yes)

=item F</run/petrified.pid>

PID file (if feature enabled - default: no)

=item F</var/log/petrified.log>

LOG file (if feature enabled - default: no)

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Copyright (c) 2014 Troy Engel

GPLv3 - see LICENSE for details

L<https://github.com/troyengel/petrified>

=head2 SUPPORT

If you like this software, please consider upgrading to a Premium account
to help support the L<Free DNS/http://freedns.afraid.org> project.

